Science and scientific publishing are collaborative and iterative processes. There are slight differences across different types of publishing, but generally, you submit a paper to a journal, which gets passed to an editor or editorial team. They will look over it and decide whether or not they would like to publish your work. At this point, your paper gets passed to peer reviewers - these are your _peers_ in the field. The editor will contact different reviewers asking them to read your paper and give their feedback and comments. This can sometimes take time, as peer review is _voluntary_, meaning peer reviewers do not get paid for their work, but most scientists will engage in it because they understand the importance of scientific publishing. The reviewers are people who understand the work too - for example if you submit a paper about stress and metabolism, the editor will find reviewers who understand this particular area of research. It can get a little tricky though, finding peer reviewers who are experts in niche or novel methods.

Peer review is often done blinded - either the reviewers can't see your details, and more commonly, you cannot see who the reviewers are. When they have read your paper and added their feedback, the paper will be returned to you with comments. At this point, you make the suggested edits or sometimes head back to the lab for additional work, to make a stronger or more convincing argument. Sometimes though, you might disagree and have a good reason for doing so, which is also a valid response. When you are ready, you resubmit this to the reviewers, who will look over your response and your changes. Once everyone is happy, the paper is finally accepted for publication.
